chore: release v0.44 (#10048)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: RELEASE_NOTES.md

# Cosmos SDK v0.44.0 Release Notes

> v0.44 is a security release which contains a possible consensus breaking change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
v0.44 is a security release which contains API and client breaking changes.
```

> It doesn't bring any new feature and it's a logical continuation of the v0.43.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It doesn't bring any new feature and it's a logical continuation of v0.43.
```

Consequences:
+ v0.43 is discontinued;
+ all chains should upgrade to v0.44. Update from v0.43 doesn't require any migration. Chains can upgrade directly from v0.42, in that case v0.43 migrations will be executed as a part of v0.44;

> + all planned features for v0.44 are going to land in v0.45, with the same release schedule.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ all previously planned features for v0.44 are going to land in v0.45, with the same release schedule.
```

> NOTE: v0.42 release will get to the end of life on September 8, 2021.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: v0.42 release will reach end of life on September 8, 2021.
```

Please see [Cosmos SDK v0.43.0 Release Notes](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.43.0/RELEASE_NOTES.md).

## Updates

> For a comprehsive list of all breaking changes and improvements since the v0.42 "Stargate" release series, please see the **[CHANGELOG](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/release/v0.44.x/CHANGELOG.md)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a comprehensive list of all breaking changes and improvements since the v0.42 "Stargate" release series, please see the **[CHANGELOG](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/release/v0.44.x/CHANGELOG.md)**.
```
